README.md, before:

# Youtube Plex Database

A agent for downloaded youtube videos

## Installation

1) [Download the newest version]() and place it in the plug ins folder on [plex](https://www.plex.tv/).

## Configuration

Choose `YTPD` agent in `Advanced` section of your library.

# SML

## Matching
To match the shows you need a dir like this
```bash
/Media
├── SML
│   ├── Season 1
│   │   └── S01E01.mp4
│   │   └── S01E02.mp4
│   │   └── ...
│   └── Season 2
│       └── S02E01.mp4
│       └── S02E02.mp4
│       └── ...
└── ...
```

## Seasons
This part will go over all seasons.

## Season one
1) Shrek's Costume | [wiki](https://sml.fandom.com/wiki/Shrek%27s_Costume) | [Download](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/YTPlex-Database/raw/master/SML/Shrek's%20Costume.sh) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDvKy6v52Fs) 

2) How to Save Princess Peach, the Black Yoshi Way? | [wiki](https://sml.fandom.com/wiki/How_to_Save_Princess_Peach,_the_Black_Yoshi_Way%3F) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=mbUl1ZpBI4M) 

3) Shrek's Big Crap | [wiki](https://sml.fandom.com/wiki/Shrek%27s_Big_Crap) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=Q7R9bQaconY) 

4) The Nintendo DSi | [wiki](https://sml.fandom.com/wiki/The_Nintendo_DSi) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](WATCHONYT) 

5) Download season one | [Download](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HttpAnimation/YTPlex-Database/master/SML/Season-1.sh)

## Season two
1) Shrek's Nightmare | [wiki](WIKIPAGE) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](WATCHONYT) 

1) NAME | [wiki](WIKIPAGE) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](WATCHONYT)

Commit message:

How to Eat an Oreo

README.md, after:

# Youtube Plex Database

A agent for downloaded youtube videos

## Installation

1) [Download the newest version]() and place it in the plug ins folder on [plex](https://www.plex.tv/).

## Configuration

Choose `YTPD` agent in `Advanced` section of your library.

# SML

## Matching
To match the shows you need a dir like this
```bash
/Media
├── SML
│   ├── Season 1
│   │   └── S01E01.mp4
│   │   └── S01E02.mp4
│   │   └── ...
│   └── Season 2
│       └── S02E01.mp4
│       └── S02E02.mp4
│       └── ...
└── ...
```

## Seasons
This part will go over all seasons.

## Season one
1) Shrek's Costume | [wiki](https://sml.fandom.com/wiki/Shrek%27s_Costume) | [Download](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/YTPlex-Database/raw/master/SML/Shrek's%20Costume.sh) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDvKy6v52Fs) 

2) How to Save Princess Peach, the Black Yoshi Way? | [wiki](https://sml.fandom.com/wiki/How_to_Save_Princess_Peach,_the_Black_Yoshi_Way%3F) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=mbUl1ZpBI4M) 

3) Shrek's Big Crap | [wiki](https://sml.fandom.com/wiki/Shrek%27s_Big_Crap) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=Q7R9bQaconY) 

4) The Nintendo DSi | [wiki](https://sml.fandom.com/wiki/The_Nintendo_DSi) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](WATCHONYT) 

5) Download season one | [Download](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HttpAnimation/YTPlex-Database/master/SML/Season-1.sh)

## Season two
1) Shrek's Nightmare | [wiki](WIKIPAGE) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](WATCHONYT) 

1) How to Eat an Oreo | [wiki](WIKIPAGE) | [Download](SCRIPTTODOWNLOAD) | [Youtube](WATCHONYT)
